Retire VMware User Group and remove User Groups as a K8s Group category since this removes the last, only one (#7407)
kubernetes/community: communication/youtube/youtube-guidelines.md

## Meeting Playlists

The [Kubernetes YouTube Channel] has separate playlists for each SIG or WG 
meeting recordings, as well as recordings of other recurring events such as the
Kubernetes [community meeting], and others.

> [Subprojects], in addition to SIGs and WGsmay request their own playlists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Subprojects], in addition to SIGs and WGs may request their own playlists
```
